everybody welcome back to the lion place
the binding of issac afterbirth plus I
just did a poll on Twitter and the poll
said new save file in Isaac as of right
now it is seven hundred and forty one
votes thirty six percent of people say I
want a new save file fifteen percent of
people say I don't want it forty nine
percent of people say I just want to
vote so we siphoned out the people who
just want to do their democratic
obligation and I appreciate that
but it seems like the overwhelming
majority of people that have a
preference want to see a new save file
so let's delete this one in the middle
here and start brand new from zero it's
going to be a little bit of a oh I am on
freakin normal mode let's not get
ridiculous here I mean in my eyes Jesus
Christ not used to hitting the continue
button it might be a new save file but
we don't need to start from freaking
normal mode that's a little bit of an
embarrassment we have to beat everything
uh normal mode I don't think we do DWM
vsc-2 R so we're going to try it out you
know the thing is I didn't delete my
major save file so it really doesn't if
things don't work out here if we decide
that new save file is for whatever
reason you know it lacks all the cool
synergies or something like that it's
going to take too long to get there then
we can always scrap it and just say it's
unnecessary for us to proceed here but I
want to give it a shot you know it could
be cool to get a little bit of a
nostalgic hit and kind of revisit how
you know the quests to real platinum God
goes but I also recognize that you know
at this point in Isaac you basically is
even watching this long you've seen
everything gameplay-wise that there is
to see and there's a lot of it to see
don't get me wrong
oh come on come on take a shot coward
take a shot would have used rocks do
these rocks are weird oh my god a blue
hardened okay I can't pain that forever
but it might be nice to revisit some of
the stuff that can happen in the game
that I might have been unaware of not to
mention beating some of the challenges
over again and something a lot of issac
streamers have done and I've always been
resistant to because to be honest I
cling to my progress because of the fact
that
I mean not everything in this game was
not hard-fought if that makes sense
we've we've managed to you know scrit
scrape and survive on a lot of these
more difficult challenges I didn't even
know the wafer was a default item so to
lose those it feels like it hurts it's
like you're ripping it straight from my
my actual body but at the same time I
think it'll be worth it to at least give
it a try bombs a key please
human appearances I think we should
check the library as well plus I do want
to point out this is not a library I do
want to point out that it's probably a
given but these first few runs are
probably going to be pretty short
because of the fact that the new save
file only goes to to mom on the first
few attempts here excuse me so I'm uh
what we'll try to fit in multiples in
and I just didn't even feel right saying
that well trying to fit will try to fit
in multiple runs for our first few
episodes here I'm a little commentary
off-balance because of the fact that
we're it's weird cuz we're playing the
same game that I played three thousand
times but you know it's a new save file
so it feels totally different but I
think we should just relax and get back
into it
how's it going everybody by the way if
you're not a big fan of this decision
what is your opinion you know there will
always be a backlog in some inertia so
you know comment and tweet me and be
like I hate this if you hate it and if
you like it make sure to comment that
you liked it as well you know I really I
truly believe that the downfall of
modern discourse online is that the
people who have mildly Pleasant and
mildly negative opinions on things are
not incentivized to comment you know you
don't see too many three or four star
reviews of restaurants on Google Yelp
etc etc same with Amazon Metacritic you
know it's always five stars in one stars
this is the greatest product ever this
product stinks we should just use the
Stars card I think but I'm not going to
use the X we can teleport that's an
advanced level technique that a normal
player wouldn't know
when they first got started because
we're like neo being reborn here but
anyway I think clatters you should leave
more three star reviews I mean it's
unrealistic to say you should review
like every product you've ever had in
your life but if you like mildly enjoy
something I think you should leave a
review for example eating lunch at
Starbucks look it's probably more
expensive than and I'm saying this
because I had Starbucks for lunch today
it's probably more expensive than it's
worth
but it's convenient and even though they
basically microwaved the sandwiches
right in front of you sometimes it can
hit the spot like I just had a nice ham
and red pepper sandwich and I was like
this is not the best sandwich I've ever
had in my entire life and it was pricier
than it should have been but it kind of
hit the spot in the moment so you know
what that's a three star sandwich I'm
going to go after this and I'm going to
review that Starbucks that's like your
homework assignment for today is find
something that you are sort of okay with
and give it a three star review now I
know what you're going to say you're
going to say NL it's a small business
well it's not really a small business
it's probably owned by a local
franchisee and you're going to blow up
their spot here oh come on what a waste
but we'll still take it on you're going
to blow up their spot here and give them
a three star review that's going to
lower their overall average it is dude
I'm taking the worst damage of all time
here it might lower their average but
it's in the interest of being honest I'm
sick of seeing only we're almost
exclusively five stars and one stars
because you know what happens is then
people look at it and they go I think
the subway is a three but it's got a
four point one rating right now what is
this shop this is what shops look like
I'm losing it man
I think this subway is a three but it's
got a four point one rating so I'm going
to give it a one two bring it more in
line with my my own personal beliefs
right now it's the same thing that
happens on like Metacritic user reviews
people go this game is a six but it's
got an eight so I'm going to give it a
one they even acknowledge it they go I
don't think it's actually a one but I
had to give it a 1 to balance
scale that's not how it's supposed to
work my dudes anyway that's your
homework assignment give something a
three or four star rating that you think
is imperfect but you know worth having
an honest opinion about I want to rebuke
the notion that only five star reviews
are acceptable although I will admit
when it comes to legged monster -
disappeared in the basement we've done
it when it comes to it's just so good we
got to take as many items as possible
just because we've unlocked Azazel oh my
God we're making incredible progress but
what if you got a ghetto bird driver or
door - driver is something like that you
got to give them a five star you got to
give them at least a four star unless
they like you know actually put your
safety into question because otherwise
you're really like you're screwin them
they're just doing this for a side
hustle and you know being a honest could
cost them a lot unfortunately it's not I
don't love it you know I would love to
only give five stars to over drivers who
have like you know you karaoke in the
backseat and you know hey there's a you
know free San Pellegrino on tap back
there but that's not realistic they're
getting paid like two dollars a ride to
shuffle you around the city you've never
been to before and also like not kill
you in the process so you know I all you
got to give them a five star for that
it's like a friend helping you move even
if they drop one thing you got to give
them a five star review I think they're
doing it not out of the goodness of
their heart but it's not like they're
getting rich out of it
the restaurants absolutely because you
know we've got this like awful inflation
now where we look at restaurant reviews
on like Google especially if you're in
the city you've never been to before you
look at the restaurant reviews and
you're like oh that place only as a 4.2
I don't know if I want to go there
that's really good is it actually a 4.2
or is that doesn't just satisfy 84
percent of customers and then the other
16% gave it a 1 that's the thing you'll
never know right anyway I digress
three star reviews are the most helpful
reviews in my opinion at least I go to a
lot of locations that I would consider
to be three stars and I frequent them
you know there's a coffee shop near me a
little too pricey service is very slow
but the sandwiches are delicious
and that's a three star experience for
me maybe bump it up to four because it's
close but that doesn't really affect
other people I suppose anyway I digress
it's the same thing when he comes to
like arguing about anything online you
know the people who are moderate about
things they don't comment because they
just go out you know I'm just going to
get on with my life you only get the
people at both extremes excuse me these
are I have safety scissors thank you
very much oh my god NL's a new man he
actually used safety scissors
appropriately for once I don't know man
basically I don't know what I'm not the
secret room basically I don't know what
I'm talking about is what I'm trying to
get at here but I appreciate the people
in the comments who leave comments like
obviously there's some people ago you
know NLU like really helped me out of my
life and I appreciate that and I'm like
you know what that's a great comment
thanks a lot I'm happy to hear that it
makes my day
sincerely more comments like that and
then there's comments that go how did
this idiot ever like you know graduate
from middle school he's got no common
sense he can't even launch a rocket into
orbit like that's an average skill that
the modern day a man and woman learns in
kindergarten apparently and I'm I guess
I didn't go to Neil Armstrong school for
gifted freaking astronaut anyway I'm
digressing here but I appreciate those
comments as well cuz sometimes they make
me laugh but I also really appreciate
the ones that are like this episode was
pretty good it was not a waste of my
time to watch this that's like hey
thanks for the honest opinion you know
there are people in this industry and
they kind of understand why who woulda
thought angry fly dude a booster pack
item showing up so soon but therapy
on this business I understand why I do
it who just shut down any form of
criticism you know if you criticize them
you're blocked that's it
even people that are we use the tower to
get like infinity bombs
we're a god we're actually a god we just
use the tower to get six bombs it's
incredible you know you get a lot of
criticism especially when you do
something wrong it comes from a lot of
sources so it's very tempting to just be
like you know if you ever say anything
negative about me you're cut but I don't
think it's honest because a lot of times
I get like a negative tweet or something
like that and then I look at their other
tweets and their tweets are like
positive in there they just feel like
their voice is not being heard and then
I try to make an effort a lot of the
time to reach out to those people and be
like hey I understand why you're upset
right now it's like a Vince Gilligan
made you know every episode of Breaking
Bad like fly you'd be like Vince
Gilligan by the way dude safety scissors
is crushing it for us right now who
would have thought we'd learned
something new by deleting or starting a
new save file so many bombs you might
get spun here as well we already saw
that right yeah down in the next floor
um I think it's important because you
can here's a little dirty little secret
about doing YouTube and twitch you get
to a certain size a lot of people like
you and that's sweet I'm not saying I've
got a big head over it at all I don't
walk out in public and go like oh I'm
like the God's gift to entertainers you
know because I can make up song lyrics
that are not horrible on the fly I
mostly walk outside and go you know
remember when the server says enjoy your
meal you say thank you you don't say you
too because that'll be awkward so that's
where I'm at in my life but it's very
easy and I think seductive to get
yourself into this position where you
only accept praise and never accept
criticism it's not healthy because
you're going to get criticized all the
time in public you know not just because
you're living in the public eye of even
just like driving
no of you probably I get yelled at once
every time I Drive but I'm assuming that
it's happening behind closed doors
because I don't hear it you know but
there are definitely like I yell it like
four people every time I Drive so I'm
like I must be getting yelled at now and
then even if I think I'm not doing
anything wrong the old left hand has
appeared in the basement let's go
honestly though I'm loving safety
scissors let's stick with that for now
you kind of stay open to criticism you
know that's what I like about school it
sounds weird but you get criticized like
all the time and it's not the criticism
as like a negative connotation but you
know your teacher is going to be like
hey you only got 70% of this right your
mark is a 70 keeps you keeps you honest
you know reminds you that you got to
keep working hard stay hungry you'd be
surprised because I know I get tweets
all the time that are like don't listen
to the haters and I'm like nah dude
don't obviously you don't listen to the
haters who just go like hey bald jerk
you you suck lick on my peepee you go
okay that guy first off how summer
vacation treating you I hope you do well
in 9th grade next year but also you know
those people you just tune him out and
now again I'm going to get like a
hundred tweets in four days that say hey
ball jerk lickin my peepee but anyway
I'm going to forget why I'm getting
those tweets and be very confused but
you know when people are like they like
your content and they have a just got a
little bone to pick you owe it to
yourself to hear them out otherwise you
know you end up in an outcast situation
I know you like to thank your don't
stank
but lean a little bit closer see roses
really smell like boo boo food anyway
we've been on this tangent many times in
episodes before so I don't want to I
don't want to belabor the point too too
much I'm just saying thanks thanks for
all the honest criticism as long as it
doesn't say lick my peepee in which case
you should show your pal
those they're like sometimes you just
got to be come on those are the comments
that make you wonder about human society
it's like that and agdq chat you go are
we all right as the species right now
I'm sure everyone's going no I have to
watch the news recently we're screwed
you know I don't know maybe maybe not
I don't get paid to have an opinion on
that so I choose not to I'm going to
donate as much money as possible here
because we do need to unlock stuff and
we I mean we have to get it back to 999
cents to begin with no reason to buy a
bomb here it's actually like a pretty
engaging first run here I was worried we
just you know either snowball out of
control or get nothing interesting but
it's actually just like a nice run lots
of damage good potential for deal with
the devil action as a result of the goat
head obviously and unlocking a lot of
stuff plus you know newfound love for
the safety scissors Jarrah flies is a
great spacebar item like YouTube isn't
which are a job that LG you take undue
amounts of nonsense admittedly like you
get up if you're in a normal job little
Chubby's appear in the basement but
because we beat the catacombs or
something what is this wait we have seen
this once before I just don't remember
what it is seven seals all right it gets
a little weird yeah remember now did we
get the horsemen that follows us around
I think this item is actually pretty
good
obviously we'll take gimpy as well I
feel bad saying this because there's a
lot of youtubers to take like a lot of
garbage let me take a drink here for a
second
you know get my thoughts in order
there's a lot of youtubers to take a lot
of garbage and they would listen to me
say this and be like are you serious but
it's also really easy to be like I am
the greatest person in the world I never
want that I always want to feel like a
little bit like trash I think that's my
natural state
you feel a little bit like trash you're
motivated you know of course you're also
anxious never really content but you're
ambitious you know you strive for
self-improvement to some degree and I
think that's as virtuous or maybe
incredibly damaging the psyche I don't
know dude I got no idea
I'm adrift without a generation in my my
my a millennial I think so then all
these other Millennials are you know
playing with fidget spenders in Eden
avocados host deny and honestly I'm but
guacamole man personally but I've never
had avvocato toast if you've never
sliced an avocado there should really be
like a form of therapy where you just
cut an avocado over and over and I feel
like I'm saying avocado weirdly it's the
most pleasant vegetable slash fruit to
to slice there's like just the slightest
bit of it sounds creepy but there's just
the slightest bit of resistance it's
like cutting into a fatty cloud I love
it and then when you peel like the the
skin off of the avocado and it just
comes off like you know I hang the
helicase get NL please stop you'll just
need a bit if you put a toothpick
underneath your big toenail and just
kick the wall as hard now I'm just these
are these are internet means at this
point I'm testing the the power of your
imagination in your mind's eye
I can't believe that we've gotten so
many booster pack Ives I mean I know
what sample size of one anything can
happen right careful you know we could
get mega assuming it's actually unlocked
which I think it's not but and we
couldn't be like oh my god mega what a
rarity um we I mean obviously it's super
worth like losing our lives here to pick
up these items so we're going to do so
we're going to become guppy which has
unlocked Guppies hair ball and unlock
challenge number eight and then we're
also going to take spirit of the night
which will kill us as well but I think
the why wouldn't we right and then we're
going to take this HP and we're going to
use this once and we're going to take
this now I'm going to skip the item room
on this floor you're not going to love
that but hear me out here I think it's
important for us to don't we all not to
Eve because we what is the eve it's like
get more than 12 spirit arts in a single
run or something anyway I would like to
do boss rush on this run because we have
to do it for progress so we might as
well get as many Birds stoned at once as
is possible we unlock a lot of stuff
here but you know we got posted notes to
fill it's going to take us a little
while here sure why not
I mean this is the final floor one way
or the other so we might as well accept
it two hearts is not worth anything
anyway my my commentaries been weird
this episode I acknowledge that as much
as I you know push this idea I'm not
really a self-hating youtuber I've been
doing this business long enough you know
not everybody has what it takes and
that's not to say that it's a hard job
at all but you need to be self-motivated
and I know that a lot of jobs goli know
in their interview listings they go you
know you got to be a self-starter that
means we have bad management but really
like you know if you're the kind of
person who doesn't work well without
supervision
it's a tricky job and a lot of people
kind of washout as a result of that so I
do have respect for myself and other
youtubers and what we do but
there is there's a seductive power of
Fame as well the way that I've reacted
to the very minimal level of Fame that I
have and it is did I get recognized like
once a month
Lazarus that's my level of Fame is like
once a month I'll be out like a doughnut
shop in downtown Vancouver and then I'll
you know someone will be like hey NL I
love your videos and I'll be like thank
you that's very nice of you so I'm not
getting stopped like Matthew McConaughey
or something we need this but we're also
tight on time but is I to want to hide
in a cave for the rest of my life I
think some people react on the other
hand and they're like I love this and
I'm like why I love making the videos
and I do like meeting people that are
fans of the videos as well but you know
it has like a subtle effect where
whenever I'm out in public I'm like I
actually can't be an asshole because
even though I'm not famous I might be
famous enough for people to hate me if I
am a dick to some oh oh there's not even
any freaking boss rush here you might as
well watch the exit
finale here um but like if I was a dick
to someone in public it could be a story
I could see the reddit headline it's
like you know famous bald you to bird
calls lady a bad name in public not that
I would ever do that but that's that's
what's going through my mind like every
time I'm outside is like I'm going to be
nice to everybody's fate God write the
Bible it falls off the shelf to stop his
mother's hand and she turns into a
ladybug it was and we have surmounted
the challenge while the binding of issac
is so easy dude game isn't even
difficult at all
what are we unlock the womb challenge 20
challenge 21 challenge 22 but what about
challenge 23 25 anyway let me know how
you feel about the the idea of us
restarting here obviously it's a
marathon for us to for us to get
wait we just got dark boy which is not
get hit on the final two floors that's
kind of funny I remember that
achievement taking me a little while in
in rebirth but let me know how you feel
about the new direction of us doing a
new save file here we'll try to do
multiple runs in future episodes I
suppose because the the first few are
going to be pretty short here but for
now thanks for watching hope you guys
have enjoyed it I hope you like the new
save file if you do show your support
give me a three star review click the
like button helps out a great deal of
course subscribe if you wanna see more
in the future but for now thanks for
watching I'll see you with another Isaac
episode shortly see you soon